# Ethical-hacking
The purpose of this project is to show how to hack computer systems like black hat hackers and able to secure the them as well.
The tools that be used are Kali Linux via Virtual Machine, OWASP Zed Attack Proxy, OWASP Juice Shop and wireshark.  To avoid trouble I will be using a virtual machine to set up it's own computer and network and attack that selected computer.
The goal of this project is to be able to hack into computer systems by installing backdoors, websites and network. The final functionality of the project will be a video showing the success of gaining access to a user computer. 
For the first sprint I plan to have every software and framework established before using it start attacking computers. Second sprint I will start by gaining access to the networks and deactivating users from the network. Third Sprint will be WEP Cracking. Fourth Sprint will be network hacking gaining access to the network and creating a word list. Fith Sprint will be using that wordlist as an attack to crack WPA & WPA2 network security. and the Final Sprint will be showing how to configure the settings to secure your network from hackers.
Note: I'm still in the novice area of using linux for hacking and it's still a process that I'm currently doing. However, this is something I would really like to do for my project if there's any other helpful tips you can give to ensure that everything meets your guidelines. Please do not hesistate to reach out to me.

Open Source tools that was used were: https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads
https://zsecurity.org/download-custom-kali/
1.	WEP: WEP is an old encryption, and its really weak, as we seen in the course there are a number of methods that can be used to crack this encryption regardless of the strength of the password and even if there is nobody connected to the network. These attacks are possible because of the way WEP works, we discussed the weakness of WEP and how it can be used to crack it, some of these methods even allow you to crack the key in a few minutes
2.	2. WPA/WPA2: WPA and WPA2 are very similar, the only difference between them is the algorithm used to encrypt the information but both encryptions work in the same way. WPA/WPA2 can be cracked in two ways
3.	. If WPS feature is enabled then there is a high chance of obtaining the key regardless of its complexity, this can be done by exploiting a weakness in the WPS feature. WPS is used to allow users to connect to their wireless network without entering the key, this is done by pressing a WPS button on both the router and the device that they want to connect, the authentication works using an eight digit pin, hackers can brute force this pin in relatively short time (in an average of 10 hours), once they get the right pin they can use a tool called reaver to reverse engineer the pin and get the key, this is all possible due to the fact that the WPS feature uses an easy pin (only 8 characters and only contains digits), so its not a weakness in WPA/WPA2, its a weakness in a feature that can be enabled on routers that use WPA/WPA2 which can be exploited to get the actual WPA/WPA2 key.
4.	. If WPS is not enabled, then the only way to crack WPA/WPA2 is using a dictionary attack, in this attack a list of passwords (dictionary) is compared against a file (handshake file) to check if any of the passwords is the actual key for the network, so if the password does not exist in the wordlist then the attacker will not be able to find the password.
5.	
Alright so before we begin the network hacking on kali linux. We must change the wireless modes. Also note the way for it to hack is only if you’re near the Access point. When go to the Kali Linux CMD we are going to run iwconfig which would list our selected interfaces. My current interface is wlan0 mine already is set to Monitor mode but if you were to boot it up for the first time it would be under managed mode. If it’s in managed mode it will only capture a select few packets, in monitor mode it will be able to capture all packets within our range even if they’re sent to the router or another device. In order to turn monitor mode you would press iwconfig wlan0 mode monitor. After that you would type in iwconfig and you would see it’s in monitor mode. Now we are going to list the wireless access points that are in our range. Since my cmd is already in monitor mode im going to type in airodump-ng wlan0 and press enter. Ass you see you see the BSSID, PWR, Beacons, Data, CH, MB, ENC, Cipher, authentication and ESSID.
BSSID shows the mac address of the network.
PWR shows the signal strength of the network.
Next we have beacons these are frames that are sent by the network in order to broadcast it’s existence.  Pretty much saying  hey im here! I use this Channel with these megabytes using, I have this encryption and this is my name. The #/s is how many data packets we have from the network.
Now we ill start sniffing data. To do this we are going to target our network by getting the BSSID. Type in airodump-ng –bssid (MAC ADDRESS HERE) – channel (SELECTED CHANNEL) –write test wlan0. So now as you see its only showing network I targeted. And if you look at the #/s it shows the packets we are getting. If you see the BSSID we can see all the devices that is under the network. We can see the power and speed the how much data we are getting from it. Now if I were to go to my files by using the command ls you can see the files that we managed to capture. Now we are going to use the cap file which is the file that contains… EVERYTHING. URLS, chat messages, search history, downloads and even passwords. Cause everything you do that’s on the network it has to be sent to the router. Now we are going to use wireshark to analyze the data that we have captured. To run wireshark we type in “wireshark” going to go to my capture file and select my test 1 cap. And if we click on any of the packets we can see what device is hooked up to what.  Now we are going to do a deauthentication attack which will disconnect the device from the network.  Now we are going to use a tool called airreplay-ng
The command is aireplay-ng –deauth 1000000000 -a (mac address) -c (client) wlan0
